
FAQ

What does this extension do?

The target of this extension to install a defined set of libraries and basic extensions all at once. 
For now this is done by the use of dependencies.

What is in the set of extensions?

The extensions that will be installed are libraries and basic extensions that other extensions can
be build upon. All this extensions are maintained by members of the Extension Coordination Team.

What is the target of this extension? 

The target of this extension and one target of the Extension Coordination Team at all, is to establish
a set of coordinated libraries as base for extension development. It want's to give some orientation 
in the jungle of the many libraries within the TER.

Why should I use this libraries?

The included libraries have active maintainers or even a team of maintainers. So you will find support
within the newsgroups. The libraries are coordinated so that they fit together as much as it is possible.

Are the listet extensions stable?

Well that but be nice. But it's not the primarly target to include only stable extensions. We also 
want to set the focus upon extensions that need the support of the community to become stable soon.

Why should I install this extension?

You don't need to install this extension. If you install it,  it's for your own curiosity. Maybe 
you want make it a habit to build your extensions upon this fundament. In this case it helps you to 
get started more quickly with the installation of the funcamental extensions.

Why isn't my library in this set of extensions?

Your extension must meet the requirements of ECT extensions (See below). You must be an active member 
in the extension coordination newsgroup/mailinglist. Simply putting an extension into the TER is not enough, 
even if your extension is perfectly coded. The regular communication with the other developers is a prerequest.

Requirements for extensions to be included 

 a) The maintainer of the extension needs to be an active member of the ECT. He participates in the 
    discussions in the NG typo3.teams.extension-coordiantion and answers to the daily questions. 
		Maybe there is an own mailinglist for the extension.

	b) The extension should be a base for other extensions. Either it is a library or it is an 
	   extension of fundamental functionality that other extensions build upon. It is not the place 
		 for extensions that are only build for end users.

	c) The extension can also provide end user functionality for the TYPO3 BE that is interesting for
	   many people but still didn't find it's way into the set of core extensions.

	d) There shouldn't be concurrency within this set of extensions. I.e. there should only be one
     basic calendar extension.

	e) The extension keys don't start with a personal prefix but have a general name. Underscores
     Should be avoided.

  f) The extension must meet the coding guidlines and quality standards of TYPO3.









